I'm Selena Gill I'm a professional image
consultant and personal shopper today
we're talking about how to buy the
perfect gift right now let's talk about
how to buy for a woman remember one
thing when buying for a woman that's
what she wants now what she needs she
doesn't want anything that plugs in no
power tools nothing from the kitchen
nothing for the backyard nothing for the
bathroom nothing for the living room
that means no vacuum cleaners no mixers
no irons
no lawnmowers nothing that she can use
to actually work with you some things
that she wants that she desires think
about pampering her helping her feel
luxurious and elegant then she you
should be on the right track to buy the
perfect gift for her if you wanted buy
clothing for a woman buy something
that's timeless not trendy think about a
wardrobe staple trench coat black high
heels cashmere sweater or even a scarf a
very nice scarf is timeless she can
throw it on with almost any wardrobe and
she can always remember you must puts on
that lovely scarf but if she is trendy
because we have some very trendy women
out there find something that fits her
trend not something that fence beet-red
if she likes cultural ethnic chunky
bracelets find her some cultural ethnic
chunky bracelets also if she has a
particular entrance you could do
something like get her magazine
subscription in the interest area if
she's a fashionista something like Lucky
Magazine as a great magazine for her
fashion tips where to go how to buy
everything it was great a great gift for
her now if you really want to go all out
and buy something completely extravagant
and luxurious you really need to look at
your budget for example if you want to
buy someone in your life the woman in
your life
a diamond ring which is a great gift for
any woman in your life you can do it
just a budget accordingly she would love
this if she likes jewelry oh you can go
all out surprise her how about she wakes
up with some car keys luxurious
again unexpected something she wants
again if she has not a special interest
how about a fan she's a big fan of Asian
culture here's something that she really
likes something she wants remember that
what she needs I'm buying for a spouse
Oh a girlfriend fastest in the middle
think about a special event that was
special to both you wearing her maybe
take her back there go through a special
dinner back where you first met maybe
where you had your first dinner he could
be something very creative like the
first movie that you went to save the
tickets frame them put them in a special
card a special holder but she will love
it because sentimental and is very
meaningful and you were thinking about
her I'm buying from mom how about a day
out at this far something that makes her
feel good about herself and also pays
her back for all the things that she's
done for you in your life a night on the
town the night at the Opera and I didn't
play maybe just a night off maybe just a
day where you come in you do all the
housework for your mom but something
that reminds her that she's still a
woman and not just a mom vying for a
boss can be tricky you can buy any of
the gifts that we have here but you have
to really be keen about your boss's
interests talk to her assistant and find
out what she likes water cooler
conversation is sometimes very tricky
and deceitful you may ask one of your
coworkers and depending on what they're
interested in or the desire and your
position you may get the wrong answer
about what your boss for he likes the
best way to find out what she really
likes is to talk to her assistant find
out where she goes afterward find out
what she does her hobbies and all those
types of things and then you'll be able
to find that gift for your boss that
were really make her happy and possibly
keep your job or even get promotion next
we'll talk about how to buy for men to
watch the other segments in this video
series or for how-to videos on almost
any other topic visit monkey see calm